by now you've seen a lot of different
learning algorithms and if you've been
following along these videos you should
consider yourself an expert on many
state-of-the-art machine learning
techniques but even among people they
know a certain learning algorithm
there's often a huge difference between
someone that really knows how to
powerfully and effectively apply that
algorithm versus someone that's less
familiar with some of the material than
about to teach and who doesn't really
understand how to apply these algorithms
and can end up wasting a lot well at the
time trying things out that don't really
make sense what I'd like to do is make
sure that if you're developing a machine
learning system then you know how to
choose one of the most promising avenues
to spend your time pursuing and in this
and the next few videos I'm going to
give a number of practical suggestions
advice guidelines on how to do that and
concretely one way to focus on is the
problem of suppose you're developing a
machine learning system or trying to
improve the performance of a machine
learning system how do you go about
deciding what are the promising avenues
to trainings to explain this let's
continue using our example of learning
to predict housing prices and let's say
you've implemented regularized linear
regression thus minimizing that cost
function G but suppose that after you
take your learn parameters if you test
your hypothesis on the new set of houses
suppose you find that it's making huge
errors in this prediction of the housing
prices the question is what should you
then try next in order to improve the
learning algorithm there are many things
that one can think of that could improve
the performance of your learning
algorithm one thing they could try is to
get more training examples and
concretely you can imagine maybe you
know sending out phone surveys going on
door-to-door to try to get more data on
how much different houses so for and the
sad thing is I've seen a lot of people
spend a lot of time collecting more
training examples thinking oh if we have
twice as much or 10 times as much
training data
certainly gonna help right but sometimes
getting our training data doesn't
actually help and in the next few videos
we'll see why and we'll see how you can
avoid spending a lot of time collecting
more training data in settings where
it's just not gonna help other things
you might try our two well maybe try a
smaller set of features so if you have
some set of features X 1 X 2 X 3 and so
on maybe a large number of features
maybe you want to spend time carefully
selecting some small subset of them to
prevent overfitting or maybe you need to
get additional features maybe the
current set of features aren't
informative enough and we want to
collect more data in the sense of
getting more features and once again
this is a solid project that can scale
up to huge projects you can imagine
again phone surveys to find them on the
houses or extra land surveys to find out
more about the pieces of land and so on
so in a huge project and once again it
would be nice to know in advance if this
is going to help before we spend a lot
of time doing something like this we can
also try adding polynomial features
things like x1 squared x2 squared and
Prada features x1 x2 you can the
students spend quite a lot of time
thinking about that and we can also try
other things that decreasing lambda the
regularization parameter or increasing
long term given a menu of options like
these some of which can easily scale up
to it like maybe six months or longer
projects unfortunately the most common
method that people use to pick one of
these is to go by gut feeling in which
what many people will do is sort of
randomly pick one of these options like
maybe say oh let's go and get more
training data and easily spend six
months collecting more training data or
maybe someone else or randomly say well
let's go collect a lot more features on
these houses in our data set and I have
a lot of times
sadly seen people's then literally six
months doing one of these avenues that
they had picked from sort of a random
only to discover six months later that
that really wasn't a promising Avenue to
pursue fortunately there's a pretty
simple technique that
can let you fairly quickly rule out half
of the things on this list as being
potentially promising things to pursue
there's a fairly simple technique that
if you run can easily rule out many of
these options and potentially save you a
lot of time pursuing something that's
just not gonna work in the next two
videos after this I'm going to first
talk about how to evaluate learning
algorithms and in the next few videos
after that I'm going to talk about these
techniques which are called the machine
learning Diagnostics and what a
diagnostic is is a test we can run to
get insight into what isn't what is that
what isn't working with an algorithm and
which will often give you insight as to
what are promising things to try to
improve in learning algorithms
performance we talked about specific
Diagnostics later in this video sequence
but I should mention advance that
Diagnostics can take time to implement
can sometimes you know take quite a lot
of time to implement and understand but
doing so can be a very good use of your
time when you're developing learning
algorithms because they can often save
you from spending many months pursuing
an avenue that you could have found out
much earlier I just was not going to be
fruitful
so in the next few videos I'm going to
first talk about how to evaluate your
learning algorithms and after that and
then talk about some of these
diagnostics which will hopefully let you
much more effectively select whether
useful things that trimix
in order if you go is to improve the
performance of your machine learning
system